So your job is to kinda like play around
with this from the first principles.
And so if you look, this is linking
to the Figma which has view access.
What would it be like to kind of either,
if you wanna use the CSS module and
the variables, go for it, if you wanna use
CVA and the Tailwind classes, go for it.
Whatever kinda makes you the happiest,
right?
But can we take this, and
don't worry about the icons, we can
deal with that separately if we choose to,
but the general idea of the variations and
the colors and the support for
dark mode across these things.
You can click here and
it'll jump you into the Figma.
And again,
should you attempt to get pixel perfect?
Go for it.
Do I really care if you get pixel perfect?
I don't.
But like kinda gaining a sense.
But these do use the practices
that we kinda came up together,
a theme portal,
to see what it would be like for us,
but just getting a sense of,
I did a lot of talking.
Let's get our hands dirty,
let's try it out,
and then we'll do it together as a team.
All right, so
our job is implement these components.
This is all using stuff that we've seen
before, but the idea is, it's one thing
for me to say, it's one thing to get
the blood flowing and try it out.
I did make a cheat sheet here of
the colors, which is why I'm glad I didn't
go rogue and implement that other color
system cuz that would have been bad.
But I didn't do that, so here we are.
And mostly, [LAUGH] really,
once you realize the values are all
the same across all of these,
it is somewhat straightforward, and
the variants are named after the colors.
It's almost like there's
a unifying theory going on here.
And this is why those
semantic colors are helpful.
And so, we've got some shades for
light mode, we got some shades for
dark mode, and now it's really on
us to begin to implement this.
So, how do I wanna do this?
Part of me just kinda wanna start.
I'm gonna start with the class variant
stuff in this case and
kinda go from there.
All right, this is my callout presently.
Not a lot to work with here.
Let's go ahead and
we'll make the call variants .tsx.
I guess it could technically be .ts,
but whatever, I typed tsx, and
so that's what we're doing.
Okay, so we can import cva and
the VariantProps from
class-variance-authority.
And then really it's const.
Did I call it just variants in the other
one, or did I call button_variants?
If only I could check and see.
>> Yeah, variance.
>> All right.
>> Oops, with the s.
>> All right,
my whole thing is that
consistency is important.
I should follow my own principles, right?
There's argument for
why you should call it CalloutVariants and
ButtonVariants,
which is the auto import that VS Code has.
The more specific you get with
naming things is helpful, but you're never
gonna really do this outside of that file,
so whatever.
But
that thing where you can just start
typing, I think you have to import and
hit tab, it's great.
All right, so you can see it takes two
things, the base classes and
then hopefully eventually the config,
which has my variants, default variants.
There's this idea of compound variants
where you can say like,
if it's this variant,
it should be these other three of them.
Seems cool, never used it.
One day I hope to have a reason to use it,
but presently I don't.
Cool, and so if I go to the design,
Figma.
Roughly, I get to cheat because I
built the thing and I know that these
are probably a border array is about 16,
a border of about 1, so on and so forth.
I'm not sure how much you
can see in view mode,
which is why I said don't worry
about being pixel perfect.
If you do have Devmod and Figma,
some of that helps a little bit as well.
And you can see what
the various pieces are in here.
But yeah, so I've got a gap of
about 1 RAM, so on and so forth.
Cool, so let's kinda get to some
of those base properties in there.
Again, the pixel property is not the
important part that we're aiming for here.
So we're gonna say that,
generally speaking,
we want a padding of 4.
And then we'll say that it's rounded.
I think of that's LG.
The nice part about, again,
where I get very lazy with Tailwind.
There might be a tweak that I need to do
to actually get this work in the class
variants authority, but
if you use it in a component,
you can usually hover over and
see what the value is as well.
But there's four to get
in match with this.
There's one tweak you need to do in
the project settings in VS Code.
But theoretically,
if it wasn't a class name,
I'll show you real quick
just to make my point.
One, the autocomplete is great, and
then two, see that's only 8 pixels.
I think I need 16,12.
There's no way that is 2xl, whatever.
Again, I don't really use Tailwind that
much because it gives me a bunch of
classes for free,
cuz we do replace all that in our theme,
but that tooling is just nice, right?
And again,
you don't have to use any of this.
I'm just using it because
it's convenient for me.
I think that 16 is a little bit too much,
but
no one wants to see me squint at a Figma,
all that much.
Give it a border, I think it's just
a border of 1 if I remember correctly.
And I think it had a little shadow.
Cool, cool, cool.
And then we say that our variants are,
let's start with the primary one and
then let's see.
We'll say,
it's gonna have a few classes to it.
And so if I looked at cheat
sheet that I made earlier,
we would say bg-primary, it was 200 for
the background, and
it was use a closing quote.
It was border, primary was 500,
it looks like, and then for the text,
it was text-primary, 900, cool.
Cool, so we got that in place.
What is the red squiggly line so
angry about?
Variants.
We have to put it under key.
So you could've done appearance.
You could've done kind,
whichever one made you happiest.
I, for some reason, because we use
variant cuz it was used everywhere,
have, chosen to do that.
So we've got one in place.
Let's start there and see if it works
at all and then we'll kinda implement
the rest, because, especially when things,
particularly when I'm teaching, but
in general in life, I hate when I
do a bunch of tedious stuff and
then found out I made a booboo
in the very early phases.
So we will find that booboo out now.
So we're gonna export variants,
as well as our CalloutVariants.
Great, we do need to pull this in here.
Sure, we'll keep that one and
we'll say import
.
And here we're gonna say that,
the only prop I really care
about is children right now.
It's because for buttons and input fields.
Yeah, no one wants to re-implement type,
text, type number, type, all these things.
I don't tend to do that for these kind
of one step up components, right?
No, you shouldn't be able
to do everything on a div.
I might make at one point
a type that is like, okay,
test data, test ID for
test selectors and stuff like that.
And those things that we allow and choose
to do, but I won't say like anything a div
can take, this can take because people
will put terrible things in there, right?
Somebody in a pinch will always,
and sometimes it's me, honestly.
The nice part about, it's very humbling
to be the leader of a team and
then occasionally have people on your
team going, Steve, what are you doing?
Right, so yeah, when I say people
on your team, sometimes it's me,
sometimes it's a junior engineer.
Sometimes it's a very
lazy senior engineer.
We all get a little sloppy sometimes.
Cool, and so here we'll say that really
we just want the children, right?
Cuz I'm gonna say that
the body is the children,
we'll say type CalloutProps
= PropsWithChildren.
This is a React one that is just
basically wherever the props are in here,
plus children,
because it's not what you think it is.
It's like React node and/or text and/or
something like that one
could see hypothetically.
And so we'll do that color variants.
And the other thing that I know that I
want is a title which I'm gonna make
mandatory.
That should be a string.
Great, so we got children, we got title,
and we got, variant,
and that's gonna be my CalloutProps.
What you angry about?
Yeah, I haven't used them yet,
don't worry about it.
All right, so in here we're gonna
say that the class name is,
.variant, it goes in there.
And IntelliSense knows that right
now we only support primary.
If I look at this class, you can
see that it is abstracted away, but
clearly it knew in this case that
primary is the only one supported.
Honestly, we can probably
get away with like a title.
And I'm gonna wrap the children
in a paragraph tag.
You can argue that they should
be able to pass in the markup.
I don't wanna argue right now.
Yeah, again,
the the long tail of all the weird
edge cases that you need
to support is a lot of fun.
Cool, so that should basically
be my base classes plus
as long as I pass in primary,
the initial colors.
I am not concerned.
I'm not totally convinced
I did this right yet.
So I want to create a story.
This kinda shows you my development flow.
I might try to simulate,
can I get the both windows side by
side on my little 14 inch MacBook?
Normally there are two monitors involved
and each of them are 27 inches.
I got a vertical one, highly
recommended for working on a website.